Remove /cookie-size-limits page; move info to /session-tokens (#1751)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/backend-requests/resources/session-tokens.mdx

You can also create custom tokens using a [JWT template](/docs/backend-requests/making/jwt-templates).

## Size limitations

> The Clerk [session token](/docs/backend-requests/resources/session-tokens) is stored in a cookie. All modern browsers [limit the maximum size of a cookie to 4kb](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2109#section-6.3). Exceeding the 4kb max size can have adverse effects, including a possible infinite redirect loop for users who exceed this size in Next.js applications.

Author: ```suggestion
The Clerk session token is stored in a cookie. All modern browsers [limit the maximum size of a cookie to 4kb](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2109#section-6.3). Exceeding the 4kb max size can have adverse effects, including a possible infinite redirect loop for users who exceed this size in Next.js applications.
```

> A session token with the [default session claims](/docs/backend-requests/resources/session-tokens#default-session-claims) will not run into this issue, as this configuration produces a cookie significantly smaller than 4kb. The size limitation only becomes a consideration when implementing a [custom session token](/docs/backend-requests/making/custom-session-token) or creating a [custom JWT template](/docs/backend-requests/making/jwt-templates). In these cases, it's recommended to move particularly large claims out of the token and fetch these using a separate API call from your backend.

Author: ```suggestion
A session token with the [default session claims](#default-session-claims) will not run into this issue, as this configuration produces a cookie significantly smaller than 4kb. The size limitation only becomes a consideration when implementing a [custom session token](/docs/backend-requests/making/custom-session-token) or creating a [custom JWT template](/docs/backend-requests/making/jwt-templates). In these cases, it's recommended to move particularly large claims out of the token and fetch these using a separate API call from your backend.
```

Large claims to be cautious about:

- `user.organizations`
- `user.public_metadata`
- `user.unsafe_metadata`
- `org.public_metadata`
- `org_membership.public_metadata`

> If you are including any of these claims in your JWT, use extra caution around how much data is stored in them to avoid exceeding the size limit.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are including any of these claims in your token, use extra caution around how much data is stored in them to avoid exceeding the size limit.
```

> With any of these claims, if enough data is stored as metadata, it will cause the cookie size to exceed the limit. If you are including any of these claims in your JWT, use extra caution around how much is stored in the metadata fields to avoid a cookie size overflow issue.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are including any of these claims in your JWT, use extra caution around how much data is stored in them to avoid exceeding the size limit.
```
